WIP : Update plant_phenomics_assembly.md (#1117)
elixir-europe/rdmkit: pages/tool_assembly/plant_phenomics_assembly.md

## What is the plant phenomics tool assembly and who can use it ?

> The plant phenomics tool assembly covers the whole [life cycle](data_life_cycle) of experimental plant phenotyping data.  It uses the concepts of the [MIAPPE](https://www.miappe.org/) (Minimum Information About a Plant Phenotyping Experiment) standard: (i) experiments description including organisaiton, objectives and location, (ii) biological material description and identification and (iii) traits (phenotypici and environmental) description including measurment methodology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plant phenomics tool assembly covers the whole [life cycle](data_life_cycle) of experimental plant phenotyping data.  It uses the concepts of the [MIAPPE](https://www.miappe.org/) (Minimum Information About a Plant Phenotyping Experiment) standard: (i) experiments description including organisaiton, objectives and location, (ii) biological material description and identification and (iii) traits (phenotypic and environmental) description including measurement methodology.
```
